---
layout: single
comments: true
toc: True
toc_label: "Table of Contents"
toc_icon: "paw"
categories:
  - WEB


title:  "WEB: Basic Understanding"
---

# Basic understanding of the WEB

WEB is commonly referred to as the World Wide Web. WEB refers to networks that connect multiple computers through a connection called the Internet to share information with each other.   

Depending on how you view this WEB, the following concepts arise:    

## 1. Computers that provide information & Computers that receive information    

### a) Server:   
A server occupies a fixed address (Domain, Static IP, etc.) to provide information and provides the information needed for visiting computers. This is the case with the websites we usually access.   

### b) Client:   
A client is a computer that finds and connects to a server for information. Normally, the server is accessed over an Internet connection without a fixed address. This is generally the case with the computers we use for web browsing.

## 2. Concepts by the structure of web programs   

### a) Front-end:   
The front-end usually determines what the user sees on the screen. Typically configured with HTML, CSS, and Javascript programming, code is executed or drawn in the client's web browser.    

### b) Back-end:   
The back-end configures logic that is responsible for various processes to send data to users when they connect. These include Python programming and databases based on Django. It also keeps the front-end code pieces at the back-end and sends them to the user. The program usually runs on the server.   

## 3. Concepts by server-client communication direction   

### a) Request:   
'Request' is the process by which a client initially sends the required information to the server to receive the desired information. Usually, it sends browser programs that are connected to the client's IP, requested URLs and methods, and, if necessary, data for the server to process.    

### b) Response:   
'Response' is a processing of the data received by the server that receives the request and drops the information to the user. There are many types of responses, but the screens that we usually see when we access a website include HTML, CSS, and Javascript codes, which are interpreted and executed by a web browser and drawn on the screen.   
